Document new AWS regions / tidy up "Create a Cluster" (#559)
astronomer/docs: astro/create-cluster.md

## Step 2: Edit Your AWS Trust Policy

> In the AWS IAM console, [edit the `astronomer-remote-management` trust relationship](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-guide/edit_trust.html) so that Astronomer has permission to manage the new Cluster in your Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the AWS IAM console, [edit the `astronomer-remote-management` trust relationship](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-guide/edit_trust.html) to include new trust policies and ensure that Astronomer has permission to manage your new Cluster.
```

      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
      "Condition": {
        "StringEquals": {
          "sts:ExternalId": [
            "<External-ID-1>",
            "<External-ID-2>"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

Once you've modified your trust policy, click **Update Trust Policy** in the AWS Console to apply the new trust relationship.

### Additional Setup for AWS Regions that are Disabled by Default

> By default, some AWS regions that Astronomer supports are [disabled by default on AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande-manage.html#rande-manage-enable). These regions are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some AWS regions that Astronomer supports are [disabled by default on AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande-manage.html#rande-manage-enable). These regions are:
```

- `af-south-1` - Africa (Cape Town)
- `ap-east-1` - Asia Pacific (Hong Kong)
- `me-south-1` - Middle East (Bahrain)

To create a cluster in one of these regions, complete the following additional setup in your AWS account:

> 1. In the AWS IAM console, update the `astronomer-remote-management` trust relationship to include permissions for enabling and disabling your desired region as described in the [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_examples_aws-enable-disable-regions.html)""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the AWS IAM console, update the `astronomer-remote-management` trust relationship to include permissions for enabling and disabling your desired region as described in the [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_examples_aws-enable-disable-regions.html):
```

    ```YAML
    {
      "Version": "2012-10-17",
      "Statement": [
        {
          "Effect": "Allow",
          "Principal": {
            "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::406882777402:root"
          },
          "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
          "Condition": {
            "StringEquals": {
              "sts:ExternalId": [
                "<External-ID-1>",
                "<External-ID-2>"
              ]
            }
          }
        }
        {
            "Sid": "EnableDisableHongKong",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "account:EnableRegion",
                "account:DisableRegion"
            ],
            "Resource": "*",
            "Condition": {
                "StringEquals": {"account:TargetRegion": "ap-east-1"}

>             }

Reviewer: @jwitz Should we add place-holder variables here for `EnableDisableHongKong` and `TargetRegion": "ap-east-1`? Assume the user has to modify those depending on the region they're trying to enable

Author: I say above this code block "for example," but if you think we should keep it more general then I'm fine to use placeholders instead!

      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
      "Condition": {
        "StringEquals": {
          "sts:ExternalId": [
            "<External-ID-1>",
            "<External-ID-2>"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

Once you've modified your trust policy, click **Update Trust Policy** in the AWS Console to apply the new trust relationship.

> :::info Additional Setup for AWS Regions that are Disabled by Default

Reviewer: Hm this just feels like tooooo much in an `::: info`. It's tricky because this doc follows 3 explicit steps. What about adding it as an addendum section at the bottom, following the steps?

> By default, some AWS regions that Astronomer supports are disabled by default on AWS. These include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, some AWS regions that Astronomer supports are not available to select for new Astro Clusters. These include:
```

I don't know that they're "disabled on AWS" -- I think they just aren't in our "new cluster" menu (currently in Management UI)

- `af-south-1` (Cape Town)
- `ap-east-1` (Hong Kong)

> - `me-south-1` (Bahrain)

Reviewer: Do we wanna set the precedent of including city name next to these? Feels like we don't elsewhere? How does AWS handle?

> - `af-south-1` (Cape Town)
> - `ap-east-1` (Hong Kong)
> - `me-south-1` (Bahrain)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `af-south-1` (Cape Town)
- `ap-east-1` (Hong Kong)
- `me-south-1` (Bahrain)
- `ap-northeast-3` (Osaka)

```

Reviewer: JK sounds like Osaka isn't one of these

      "Statement": [
        {
          "Effect": "Allow",
          "Principal": {
            "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::406882777402:root"
          },
          "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
          "Condition": {
            "StringEquals": {
              "sts:ExternalId": [
                "<External-ID-1>",
                "<External-ID-2>"
              ]
            }
          }
        }
        {
            "Sid": "EnableDisableHongKong",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "account:EnableRegion",
                "account:DisableRegion"
            ],
            "Resource": "*",
            "Condition": {
                "StringEquals": {"account:TargetRegion": "ap-east-1"}
            }
        },
        {
            "Sid": "ViewConsole",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "aws-portal:ViewAccount",
                "account:ListRegions"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
      ]
    }
    ```

2. In the AWS Management Console, enable the desired region as described in [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande-manage.html#rande-manage-enable).

> 3. Upgrade your [global endpoint session token](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_enable-regions.html#sts-regions-manage-tokens) to version 2, which is valid in all AWS regions, by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Upgrade your [global endpoint session token](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_enable-regions.html#sts-regions-manage-tokens) to version 2, which is valid in all AWS regions, by running the following command via the [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/):
```
